Love Story - Vanny Vabiola
NOTE ItemComment: 7
Lyrics by：Carl Sigman/Francis Albert Lai/Cláudio Rito
NOTE ItemComment: 8
Composed by：Carl Sigman/Francis Albert Lai/Cláudio Rito
NOTE ItemComment: 9
Where do I begin
NOTE ItemComment: 10
To tell the story
NOTE ItemComment: 11
Of how greatful love can be
NOTE ItemComment: 12
The sweet love story
NOTE ItemComment: 13
That is older than the sea
NOTE ItemComment: 14
That sings for truth about the love she brings to me
NOTE ItemComment: 15
Where do I start
NOTE ItemComment: 16
With the first hello
NOTE ItemComment: 17
She gave the meaning
NOTE ItemComment: 18
To this empty world of mine
NOTE ItemComment: 19
That never did
NOTE ItemComment: 20
Another love another time
NOTE ItemComment: 21
She came into my life
NOTE ItemComment: 22
And made a living fine
NOTE ItemComment: 23
She fills my heart
NOTE ItemComment: 24
NOTE ItemComment: 25
With very special things
NOTE ItemComment: 26
With angel songs
NOTE ItemComment: 27
With wild imaginings
NOTE ItemComment: 28
She fills my soul
NOTE ItemComment: 29
With soo much love
NOTE ItemComment: 30
That anywhere I go
NOTE ItemComment: 31
I'm never lonely
NOTE ItemComment: 32
With her along who could be lonely
NOTE ItemComment: 33
I reach for her hand
NOTE ItemComment: 34
It's always there
NOTE ItemComment: 35
How long does it last
NOTE ItemComment: 36
Can love be measured by the hours in a day
NOTE ItemComment: 37
I have no answers no
NOTE ItemComment: 38
But this much I can say
NOTE ItemComment: 39
I know ill need her till this love song burn away
NOTE ItemComment: 40
And shell be there
NOTE ItemComment: 41
How long does it last
NOTE ItemComment: 42
Can love be measured by the hours in a day
NOTE ItemComment: 43
I have no answers no
NOTE ItemComment: 44
But this much I can say
NOTE ItemComment: 45
I know ill need her till this love song burn away
NOTE ItemComment: 46
And she'll be there